started a new edition of the cup
mx where the deer will search
again be the teams
protagonists the stadium carlos
iturralde rivero was ready to
host the first engagement between
ordered from the football club Mérida and
the iron ponies of the atlantean of this
early the referees reviewed that everything
was in perfect condition for
dispute the one-way game of the key 1
between these teams
the fans waited for their players
prior to the meeting to take a
picture say hello and fill them with good
it vibrates in the face of such an important
commitment
while the teams were ready in
the pitch in the grandstand
present sought a shelter for
counteract the cold that was blowing that
night appreciating great diversity of
local outfits batons
They were responsible for setting the mood
encouraging the deer at all times
the minutes passed and the goal did not arrive
they are approaches that kept the
limit of emotion to the hobby up
catching the passion for the
deer the people wore the t-shirt
his team in the stands of the stadium
predominantly the alternative uniform
yellow with green that brought him
fond memories to fans all
they brought it with pride
the second time brought fear
Yucatecan
who was presented for the first time
your people depending on the CF shirt
merida nothing
the cold did not give way but neither did the support
of the fans who complained to the
opportunities that went astray
until almost at the end of the meeting the
debutante frank and martín pressed the
Barça defense from the start
surrounded spherical and with the goal
open he sent the ball to the bottom of the
networks for the goal of triumph
victory one goal for zero
in front of the iron foals of
atlante with this the cf merida adds his
first three units within the sector
four of the mx cup next week
the deer will return the visit to
atlante to close the first key of
this group
we are waiting for you again this Saturday 18
from January at 6 in the afternoon to
receive the alebrijes from oaxaca and
support our team by demonstrating that
in Yucatan it is said first I am filled